# Blackjack
Blackjack is the first iOS app I made on my own using swiftUI in xcode. I used multiple video tutorials and read about SwiftUI online to learn how to program in xcode. I made my first app, the card game war, by following an online tutorial by code with Chris, and used that as inspiration for my Blackjack game. I started by first creating an initial user interface for the app then writing the program for it. I chose to create the user interface through ode rather than by using a storyboard. When creating the UI, I had to learn how to resize images and layer items on top of eachother in order to create my desired design. I then focused on addin gin the baseline functionality for a black jack game, which was mainly composed of a hit and stay button. I spent a lot of time fixing buggy code, but I cleaned up the code by implementing functions and soon the game was functional. I then had to work on creating a hand for the dealer, which I did so by utilizing the random function in xcode. At this point, my Blackjack app was playable and was being tested by classmates. Afterwards, I continued working to improve the app, adding features such as a player money balance that increased/decreased based on their game result. I also took feedback from classmates on how to improve the interface of the app in order to make it easy to play and engaging. To increase engagement, I learned how to add sound effects to the app, which is one of my favorite feautures. If I have the chance to continue to improve the game, I'd like to add a title screen that the user is taken to before the actual game screen, and a how-to-play screen with instructions. I'd also like the user to be able to see the cards in the dealer's hand so the app more closely resembles an actual blackjack game.

